Add a setting allowing to throttle ANALYZE (#13046)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Updated to Admin UI 1.23.0, which improves scrolling behavior on wide result
  sets.

- Added a new setting ``stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec`` which allows to

>   throttle IO intensity of the ``ANALYZE`` statement.

Author: throughput sounds good to me

- Updated to Admin UI 1.23.0, which improves scrolling behavior on wide result
  sets.

> - Added a new setting ``stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec`` which allows to
>   throttle I/O throughput of the ``ANALYZE`` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added I/O throughput throttling of the :ref:`analyze` statement as
  well as of the periodic statistic collection controlled by the 
  :ref:`stats.service.interval` setting to lower the impact on the
  cluster load. This throttling can be controlled by a new setting
  :ref:`stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec` and is set 40MB/s by
  default.
```
